---
layout: post
title:  "Week two"
subtitle: "Community Bonding"
date:   2019-05-07 23:45:13 -0400
background: '/img/posts/01.jpg'
---
# Week Two

Here ends the second week of the community bonding period. As per our meeting last Tuesday(IST) i was given a few tasks to complete. Before getting into the gory details of the said tasks, lets talk about the meeting first:

----

## The First Meeting

The meeting was scheduled at 10:30AM IST on Tuesday, the meeting started with every one introducing themselves. One of the mentors couldn't join because of some miscommunication. After the introduction I briefed everybody on the work that I did in the first week that mainly consisted of:

- Creating this blog.
- Finding possible bugs in the current implementation.
- Devising the way in which further contributions will be done and in general the work flow to be followed.

There was then the discussion on my ideas and a brief on how I intended to implement them, the discussion was short as I needed to brush up on all the things I had included in my proposal.

The mentors asked me to make sure that: 

- I keep on pushing the changes i was doing to Github, so that the mentors can check them out when free. 
- Keep updating the blogs.
- Make sure that before the first evaluation I have a working model on Composite QA ready so that proper evaluation could be done.

An important point mentioned by the mentors was to focus on the main aim of the project and not get deviated. As GSoC is a time bound activity thus things need to be prioritized.

The time for the next meeting was not decided, but a concensus was made regarding the upcoming meetings after next monday(there are some issues with time, which will be fixed shortly).

----------

## Work This week

We decided on the following way in which I was going to collaborate in a meaningful manner:

- I was to create issues for every commit I was gonna make detailing the changes and the reason for the said changes in the code.
- Every time I did a commit I was to mention the names of the issues I was going to address, so that the mentors could very  well understand the changes before the meetings.
- All these changes were to be made in a separate branch `gsoc-anand`.
- Each pull request to master made by me was then to be reviewd by the mentors before being accepted. 

The things i did this week are as follows:

- I was made one of the collaborator to the Github repository in which i was supposed to work. I created the branch `gsoc-anand` and a subfolder `./gsoc/anand/`. 
- Fixed some of the issues I created in the repository as per the collaborating guidelines given above, they were some simple issues. [(Issues)](https://github.com/dbpedia/neural-qa/issues)
- Went through the code carefully, understanding all aspect of the code. I jotted down all my understanding as comments in the code and suggestions in a google keep notepad.
- Revisited the research paper that are part of this project.
- Visited some of the repositories liked by the mentors on similar topics to get the understanding on the work being done related to this project and noted some ideas that might be useful.


### [Index Page](https://anandpanchbhai.com/A-Neural-QA-Model-for-DBpedia/)









